README.md, before:

# Become a Software Professional Course by Radium Rocket.
## _Proyect by Julian Flores._

This repository aims to become my complete book of work done in the [Radium Rocket](https://radiumrocket.com/) course.

You can also follow all changes of this projects in [This Page](https://julianfloresdev.github.io/BaSP-A2022-Etapa-1/Semana-04/index.html)

## _Week 01:_
We work as a team on the [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/2t7XPyK3dineUQt2Coyxj6/UI-kit-RR-(BaSP)-A?node-id=653%3A1345) file to create an amazing initial design.

Essentially, I worked on the employee and PM employee timetracker design section.
Additionally create several reusable components for all sections.

## _[Week 02:](https://julianfloresdev.github.io/BaSP-A2022-Etapa-1/Semana-02/index.html)_
Worked in the HTML file and general sttructure of the landing page.

## _[Week 03:](https://julianfloresdev.github.io/BaSP-A2022-Etapa-1/Semana-03/index.html)_
This time we must to create the correct styles for our work, so I work in CSS styles.

### This week I
- _Create and link the full CSS style sheet (style.css)_
- _Restructured HTML file whit better practices_
- _At the final of the week I created a 'pixel-perfect' desktop version from the [Figma file](https://www.figma.com/file/2t7XPyK3dineUQt2Coyxj6/UI-kit-RR-(BaSP)-A?node-id=666%3A852), which one you can see [here](https://julianfloresdev.github.io/BaSP-A2022-Etapa-1/Semana-03/index.html)._

## _[Week 04:](https://julianfloresdev.github.io/BaSP-A2022-Etapa-1/Semana-04/index.html)_
This week it's time to recreate the mobile and tablet versions from latest week design, also this week we must to work whit 'flex-box' model.

### This week I

- Redesign my README.md to include GitHubPages to my work space.
- Restructured _'style.css'_ into several components, which one represents each layout sections.
- I gave _'mobile-first'_ structure to my CSS whit flex-box model & media queries.

## _[Week 05:](https://julianfloresdev.github.io/BaSP-A2022-Etapa-1/Semana-05/index.html)_
This week it's time to learn javascript and for that I decided to do as many exercises of the 'FreeCodeCamp' platform as possible.

After that, I took care of doing the exercises of the weekly problem, but as I felt like continuing with javascript, and because I already had previous knowledge, I decided to continue with the exercises of 'FreeCodeCamp'.

### This week I
- Practice Javscript and general programming logic concepts.
- Deeply train my concepts about array methods.

Commit message:

BaSP-W06-2022:Create 'Semana-06' folder & edit README

README.md, after:

# Become a Software Professional Course by Radium Rocket.
## _Proyect by Julian Flores._

This repository aims to become my complete book of work done in the [Radium Rocket](https://radiumrocket.com/) course.

You can also follow all changes of this projects in [This Page](https://julianfloresdev.github.io/BaSP-A2022-Etapa-1/Semana-04/index.html)

## _Week 01:_
We work as a team on the [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/2t7XPyK3dineUQt2Coyxj6/UI-kit-RR-(BaSP)-A?node-id=653%3A1345) file to create an amazing initial design.

Essentially, I worked on the employee and PM employee timetracker design section.
Additionally create several reusable components for all sections.

## _[Week 02:](https://julianfloresdev.github.io/BaSP-A2022-Etapa-1/Semana-02/index.html)_ HTML
Worked in the HTML file and general sttructure of the landing page.

## _[Week 03:](https://julianfloresdev.github.io/BaSP-A2022-Etapa-1/Semana-03/index.html)_ CSS
This time we must to create the correct styles for our work, so I work in CSS styles.

### This week I
- _Create and link the full CSS style sheet (style.css)_
- _Restructured HTML file whit better practices_
- _At the final of the week I created a 'pixel-perfect' desktop version from the [Figma file](https://www.figma.com/file/2t7XPyK3dineUQt2Coyxj6/UI-kit-RR-(BaSP)-A?node-id=666%3A852), which one you can see [here](https://julianfloresdev.github.io/BaSP-A2022-Etapa-1/Semana-03/index.html)._

## _[Week 04:](https://julianfloresdev.github.io/BaSP-A2022-Etapa-1/Semana-04/index.html)_ CSS Flex-Box Model
This week it's time to recreate the mobile and tablet versions from latest week design, also this week we must to work whit 'flex-box' model.

### This week I

- Redesign my README.md to include GitHubPages to my work space.
- Restructured _'style.css'_ into several components, which one represents each layout sections.
- I gave _'mobile-first'_ structure to my CSS whit flex-box model & media queries.

## _[Week 05:](https://julianfloresdev.github.io/BaSP-A2022-Etapa-1/Semana-05/index.html)_ Javascript - Algorithms
This week it's time to learn javascript and for that I decided to do as many exercises of the 'FreeCodeCamp' platform as possible.

After that, I took care of doing the exercises of the weekly problem, but as I felt like continuing with javascript, and because I already had previous knowledge, I decided to continue with the exercises of 'FreeCodeCamp'.

### This week I
- Practice Javscript and general programming logic concepts.
- Deeply train my concepts about array methods.

## _[Week 06:](https://julianfloresdev.github.io/BaSP-A2022-Etapa-1/Semana-06/index.html)_ Javascript - DOM
This week we had the challenge of creating the user registration and login pages for the application. For this we had to put into practice what we had learned about Javascript, to perform the corresponding verifications in the fields of each form.

On the other hand we had the need to give shape and structure to the aforementioned pages, so that they look faithful to the original design in Figma, replicating and reusing as much as possible the styles created weeks ago.

### This week I
- Create the corresponding Log In & Registration pages.
- Style these pages with the components already created, and with new components if needed.
- Create the corresponding validations so that the form fields are consistent with what is requested.
